German


AWS

Web 3.0

Network administration 

 Network tools and protcols, wireshark, 
 
 
 Securere cloud and secure on prem-servers and infrasturtcure
 
 
 Secure crytpo currency and digtial assests
 
 
 secure vault
 
 intrusion detection of network attacks
 
 interusion pervasion 
 
 network security
 
 
 
 network hardening,
 
 OS = linux hardening
 
 infrastcure hardening
 
 
 automated secuirty response,
 
 automated infrasturcture  = traaform, ansible, puppet checf
 
 secuirty alerts
 
 automated response for secuirty alerts
 
 
 Deep knowledge of UNIX/Linux system internals and computer networking such as system calls, TCP/IP, and debugging tools such as tcpdump, TShark, or Wireshark.
Experience with debugging complex systems running in uncertain environments.
Experience with hardening the security of VPC.
Experience with instrumenting infrastructure with a variety of detections that provide high-signal, early indicators of intrusion and misconfiguration.
Have up-to-the-minute details of cybersecurity threats and the latest software.
Possess knowledge of the implementation of risk assessment techniques such as security detections and protections, and the latest security best practices.
Come up with customized tools for security purposes
Experience with containers and container orchestration systems (AWS, Docker, Kubernetes).
Experience with configuration management and IAC tools.
Have a decent knowledge of managing CI/CD pipelines.


Experience with design, implementation, and working with hot and cold key storage systems.
Practical experience with cryptocurrency infrastructure and proof-of-stake.
Experience with networking protocols, such as libp2p, dat, and quic.
Exposure to C++/Rust/Go or other system languages.
Experience with Matrix servers.
Interest in blockchain technologies.
Interest in Cryptography skills
Exposure to Kibana, Grafana, logstash and other monitoring tools would be added advantageExcellent communication skills and the ability to collaborate competently with other teams within the company.