Linux Administrator

Responsibilities:
 Perform capacity planning, performance monitoring and tuning, Strategies defined for backupecovery techniques, and problem determination and resolution.

 First and second line support for all compute, storage, and networking infrastructure issues for On-prem. and public cloud hosted SLES Linux servers.

 Drive OS and Application patching and upgrades as per the plan.

 Set-up Alerts, reports, and dashboards for monitoring system health.

 Delivery responsibilities in the areas of private cloud network administration, security administration, instantiation, provisioning, optimizing the environment, third party software support.

Key Areas of Responsibility

 Manage Production/Development databases in the following areas

 User Management

 Security Management

 Space Management

 Backup and Recovery

 Workload Management

 Unix Shell and Batch Scripting


 Manage Customer Meetings and Co-ordinating with Teradata GSC


 Work on server related issues of major/minor/simple/complex in nature

 Perform patching and upgrades as per the plan

 Configuring Health checks and taking appropriate actions based on the alerts and checks

 Backups, snapshot activity in preparation to changes being implemented

 Automate the routine activities

 Linux servers Performance and capacity management

 Using the Change & Problem Management Tools to perform any planned/unplanned maintenance

 Handling of the Day to Day House Keeping tasks by using tools & scripts

 Preparation of RCA for all major/minor incidents

 Identify improvement opportunities in existing processes and recommend actions

 Build and deliver periodic SLA and other Reports to management

Experience in handling Linux Systems Administration tasks on RedHat and SLES Linux.

 Performance Monitoring and experienced in monitoring tools administration

 Hands on experience on Virtualization Technologies such as KVM

 Hand on with implementing SSSD, LDAP, and other Identity and Authentication tools.

 Experience with one or more of Shell/Perl/python scripting and other programming languages.

 Experience with any of Chef/Puppet/Salt/Ansible automation.

 AWS/Azure/Google Cloud Administration experience will be plus.

 Performance monitoring and reporting for the compute, storage and network resources


Preferred Qualifications
• Minimum of 2 years of hands-on in-depth system administration experience
• Systems Administration/System Engineer certification in Linux (Perfrred)
• Bachelor's Degree in Computer Information Systems/Computer Science or higher

Other Required skills
• Working knowledge or familiarity with WebLogic, Apache, squid, tomcat, ksplice, SAML, IPSEC, Symantec Endpoint Protection, ELK stack
